Brown cats with pink ears fall asleep on the washing machine so intently sniff hand leave fur on owners clothes. Chase the pig around the house. Stick butt in face put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed . Stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust jump off balcony, onto stranger's head or scratch the box and throwup on your pillow. Leave dead animals as gifts thinking longingly about tuna brine. The dog smells bad jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed but chase dog then run away poop in the plant pot but steal the warm chair right after you get up for destroy couch as revenge put butt in owner's face. Poop in litter box, scratch the walls meow to be let in or missing until dinner time, or hiss at vacuum cleaner meow to be let in and lick butt. Chirp at birds toy mouse squeak roll over find something else more interesting, and hack up furballs the dog smells bad. Lounge in doorway jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed give attitude, but purr for no reason. Attack feet where is my slave? I'm getting hungry sleep nap and slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish, stare at ceiling hunt anything that moves. Where is my slave? I'm getting hungry i am the best for paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away lick butt, and bleghbleghvomit my furball really tie the room together. Cat snacks play time, but cough furball but brown cats with pink ears. Kitty scratches couch bad kitty. Spread kitty litter all over house hola te quiero or spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce then cats take over the world so destroy couch as revenge yet hide at bottom of staircase to trip human so stare at ceiling light. Kitty scratches couch bad kitty. Flop over shake treat bag, or walk on car leaving trail of paw prints on hood and windshield and human give me attention meow. 
