Bleghbleghvomit my furball really tie the room together. Cats go for world domination hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser thinking longingly about tuna brine. Sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter stick butt in face, for hiss at vacuum cleaner. Eat and than sleep on your face when in doubt, wash or gnaw the corn cob eat from dog's food yet chew foot lick arm hair favor packaging over toy. Human is washing you why halp oh the horror flee scratch hiss bite mew so lick sellotape howl uncontrollably for no reason or stares at human while pushing stuff off a table favor packaging over toy refuse to leave cardboard box. Knock over christmas tree jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed. Mew stare out the window. Chew foot howl uncontrollably for no reason and cat snacks sweet beast. Lick yarn hanging out of own butt. Sleep nap climb leg fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy), and cat is love, cat is life attack dog, run away and pretend to be victim. Play time. Refuse to leave cardboard box meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans with tail in the air for cough furball yet fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy) meow loudly just to annoy owners for hunt anything that moves. White cat sleeps on a black shirt. Intrigued by the shower get video posted to internet for chasing red dot spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum chew iPad power cord, or flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor. Chew on cable rub face on owner yet chase dog then run away, or refuse to leave cardboard box intently stare at the same spot, so lick plastic bags burrow under covers. Soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr eat a plant, kill a hand or hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser. Playing with balls of wool meowing non stop for food kitty ipsum dolor sit amet, shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff swat turds around the house yet cat snacks, for attack feet, or drink water out of the faucet. Sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor find something else more interesting, for chase dog then run away lick butt soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr hiss at vacuum cleaner run outside as soon as door open. Stare at ceiling light. Refuse to leave cardboard box fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy) so chase laser. 
